Diversity is Our Super Power. What's Yours?
Join us in this journey as we work towards building a society where every individual is valued, respected, and equal. Together, we can make a meaningful difference.

banner
WHAT WE LIVE FOR
OUR MISSION
Regardless of nationality, gender, etc. A society where everyone can shine!

With the creation of a global high-skilled human resource platform, our vision is to achieve a diverse and enriched society. A society where each individual is recognised, fulfilled, and empowered to actively contribute. By connecting talents from all corners of the world, we aim to promote diversity and equal opportunities. Our platform fosters a collaborative environment where everyone can be rewarded for their efforts, find enjoyment in their work, and play a vital role in shaping a brighter future..

banner
banner
WHAT WE AIM FOR
OUR VISION
Accelerating Digitisation with the Power of Diversity!

Our vision is to build a global platform by harnessing the power of diversity, we unlock the potential of talents from all walks of life. Embracing innovation and cutting-edge technologies, we spearhead the digitisation movement. Together, we create a future where opportunities abound, talents thrive, and societies prosper. Join us on this groundbreaking platform as we shape a world where every individual can excel and contribute to a brighter tomorrow!

Our Culture
usp
Respect and Appreciation
We work forward with respect and gratitude always.We appreciate inputs and constructive feedback from our team members.

usp
Fail Fast and Learning Agility
We fail quickly and apply what we learn to our next challenge.This helps us grow and learn exponentially each day.

usp
Responsibility and Results
At our core, we are driven by a sense of speed and responsibility, delivering impactful results with utmost efficiency.


OUR STORY
Our CEO’s Voice

I am energised when I see that person motivated, having fun, and performing.


That passion and energy propagates and makes people enthusiastic, empathetic, and want to cheer them on.


I believe that any person has the opportunity to play an active role. There are many people in the world who look gloomy or think they are useless. However, I believe that they just don't fit in that environment.


I believe that anyone can shine just by changing their environment or what they do. I would like to increase such opportunities and people more and more.


OUR COMPANY DETAILS
Our Company Profile
service
Company Name
Tech Japan Inc.

service
Established On
February 5, 2019

service
Representative
Naotaka Nishiyama

service
Our Location
Spaces, Otemachi Building 1-6-1 Otemachi Chiyodaku Tokyo

service
License Number
13-ユ-310752

service
Business content
Global India Recruitment
Support Global Recruitment


Our Achievements
We have been Featured On





















OUR TEAM
OUR MANAGEMENT BOARD




OUR TEAM
OUR TEAM MEMBERS




























































































OUR PEOPLE
PHOTO GALLERY
We take our work seriously but at the same time we also do not forget to have fun. Look at our photos, don’t we look adorable together?


Tech Japan Inc.
Privacy Policy and Disclosure Matters Regarding Personal Information
Information Security Policy




Quick Links
Company
Products & Services
News
Contact Us
Address
Head Office:
Spaces, Otemachi Building 1-6-1 Otemachi Chiyodaku Tokyo

India Office :
Regus - The Estate Building, 8th Floor Cabin #817, Dickenson Road, Bengaluru 560042

Singapore Office :
TALENDY HOLDINGS PTE. LTD. 390 HAVELOCK ROAD #07-02 KING'S CENTRE Singapore 169662