Our Products and Services
We ensure you experience a faster path to your future vision with our specialised products and services designed to facilitate the hiring of both fresh graduates and working professionals. We prioritise finding the best talent for your needs, and our seamless onboarding process ensures a smooth integration into your organisation. Let us tailor a plan for you as per your requirements!

banner
a one stop platform to Recruit new tech graduates
Talendy
We have a collaboration with 16 premier institutions from India like Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Indian Institute of Management (IIM), National Institute of Technology (NIT), Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT) and Indian Institute of Sciences (IISc). Through this platform, we connect global companies with top-notch talents, unlocking the key to growth and excellence.


16+ Premier Colleges
Hire from premier Institutions in India like IIT’s and IIM’s.


7000+ Candidates
Find the best from a pool of 7000+ candidates.


Reduce time by 80%
Efficient communication and consolidated information in one platform


Increased Cultural Bonding
Reduce cultural mismatch through internships.

Learn More
banner
banner
A comprehensive payroll service for your global team
Talendy EOR
Global relocation a challenge? Not anymore. We offer payroll and benefits management solutions for your full-time equivalent employees. Skip the complexities and expenses of establishing a new legal entity in a different location. Our efficient process ensures a smooth onboarding within just 2-3 weeks, all at a minimal initial cost. Trust us to handle the intricacies while you focus on your business's growth and success. Streamline your global operations with our tailored services, without the need of global relocation!


No Need for Relocation
Diversity/Globalization of the team without relocation.


Skip New Legal Entity
No hassle of building a new legal entity in new geography.


Low Initial Cost
Take advantage of very low initial and operational cost.


Simple Onboarding Process
A simple onboarding process allows to kickstart in 2-3 weeks.

Learn More
OUR REACH
We have a Database of Highly Skilled Human Resource
We have a database of 12000+ highly skilled human resource on our platform from 47+ different industries. You name it, and we have it.


Tech Japan Inc.
Privacy Policy and Disclosure Matters Regarding Personal Information
Information Security Policy




Quick Links
Company
Products & Services
News
Contact Us
Address
Head Office:
Spaces, Otemachi Building 1-6-1 Otemachi Chiyodaku Tokyo

India Office :
Regus - The Estate Building, 8th Floor Cabin #817, Dickenson Road, Bengaluru 560042

Singapore Office :
TALENDY HOLDINGS PTE. LTD. 390 HAVELOCK ROAD #07-02 KING'S CENTRE Singapore 169662