Discover and Recruit the top 1% talents from the premier institutes in India.
Connect with top 16 premier universities from India including IIT, IISc, NIT, IIIT etc.

Register as a company
Login as a company
banner
BACKGROUND
With growing demand for excellent IT and digital human resources, Japanese companies feel the need to connect with the talents from India more efficiently and effectively.
Companies all over the world are accelerating the efforts for DX in order to respond to drastic environmental changes; utilize data and digital technologies, and transform their products, services, and business models based on the needs of customers and society. Under such circumstances, Japanese companies have been recruiting more and more in India as they concluded a digital partnership in 2018 with India, home to the excellent IT and digital human resources in the world. However, many Japanese companies have voiced their concerns about recruitment in India. Therefore, Tech Japan conducted a survey on highly skilled human resources in India. In collaboration with JETRO since 2020, Tech Japan has also conducted a survey in Tokyo sponsored by Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI). In order to accelerate the recruitment of Japanese companies to India, Tech Japan has been organizing the "Working Group on Recruitment from India by Japanese Companies" with the cooperation of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the Embassy of India in Tokyo to identify issues, brainstorm solutions and create a platform for discussions. Based on the research and requests from Japanese companies and Indian universities, we have developed the online platform to solve the problems and to accelerate the recruitment process. The online platform enables Japanese companies to efficiently and effectively discover and recruit students from Indian universities through internships.

Survey of Indian Highly Skilled Human Resources in Japan


WHAT ARE IIT's?
What is the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), alma mater of numerous IT leaders all over the world?
The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) was established by the Indian government to train the world's best science students. Since establishment of its first campus in 1951, 23 campuses have been built to this day. The Indian Institute of Technology is also known as one of the world's most difficult institute to get into. Several alumni are now leading numerous companies as CEO, CTO all over the world, making IIT and India an extremely talented pool of human resources for the IT industry.



Established by the Indian Government
Established by the Indian Government to train highly intellectual scientists, designers and engineers.


23+ Premier Campuses across India
23 campuses of Indian Institute of Technology are spread across the length and breadth of India that impart quality education.


Get 0.5% of the top talent from India
Every year, more than 2 million students appear to take the exam. But only about 10,000 of them are enrolled in IIT’s.

THE PROBLEM
Severe Competition with Major Overseas Companies, Unique Recruitment Rules of Universities. Global companies face a number of obstacle in their recruitment process.
The universities have their own unique rules when it comes to recruiting students. Companies are allotted a date and a slot to interview the students based on their brand, past record and student consensus. It is very difficult to get and keep the best dates as companies including the global giants such as GAFA are competing for the same dates. Furthermore, it is difficult to evaluate candidates within a limited time and to make an offer on the same day of the interview. There have been past cases when the company has traveled to India for a recruitment interview, but the interviews did not lead to any desired results.


Conventional Approach
approach
Interview Slot Unavailibility
Difficult to obtain desired day for the interview in the universities since each university has their own set of rules.

approach
Student Evaluation Problem
Difficult to evaluate the student within a short period of time in the interview etc. Unable to understand the candidate’s skillset.

approach
Elevated Risk of Mismatch
Elevated risk of mismatch due to lack of mutual understanding. The parties do not understand the expectations.

approach
Less and Scattered Information
Less and scattered information to make a decision. Requires extra efforts to understand the process of each university.

approach
Physical Efforts of Visit
The company has to fly to India to hire the candidates. This requires time, budget and efforts and still does not guarantee results.

approach
Language and Cultural Barriers
Both the parties are unable to understand the language and the culture. These barriers make the whole process difficult.

THE SOLUTION
A one Stop Platform, to discover and recruit the top 1% talents from the premier institutes in India from Japan leveraging internship
Talendy allows companies to recruit interns and form a group of highly qualified students. The platform's unified format makes it easier to approach multiple universities at once. It allows the companies and students to deepen mutual understanding through the internship program. At the end of the internship, students who have performed well become eligible for an offer of full time employment.Companies can update internship application information on the platform, which in turn will be shared with universities and their students . Students who are interested in the company can apply through the system, so there is no need for Excel or PDF files or back-and-forth communication over email. Applications from several universities Students can be managed in the one platform. By integrating the internship into the recruitment process, companies can understand each other better, prevent mismatches, and access the best students at an early stage.



Reach to the students top 16 universities in India at once with varied skills like tech, design and management.


Collect and manage applications in one place, in one comprehensive format and save your time and energy.


Reduce process time by 80%, accumulate decisive and strategic data on students and discover best talents efficiently.


Leverage internships to access talent at an early stage. Evaluate them and offer PPO’s based on performance and output.

Talendy Approach
approach
Deepened Mutual Understanding
Full time offers through a better mutual understanding between the company and the candidates through internships/hackathons.

approach
In line with University rules
University rules are strict, and hence we take care of them. We are complaint with the university rules

approach
Reduced mismatch risk
Reducing mindset mismatch through internships/hackathons.We understand the value of long-term commitments.

approach
Adequate Information
Get more than just a resume, so that you can make the best hiring decisions. We provide strategy insights and reports.

approach
No need to visit
Visiting the universities for hiring can become cumbersome at times. We help you manage the process online.

approach
Smooth Efficient Process
Back and forth email communication is tiresome and ineffective. Our one stop platform is built to eliminate this.

OUR RESULTS
Our consistent efforts brought some great results!!!


Total Internships


Total candidates


Premier Colleges


Companies Onboarded

HOW TALENDY WORKS
Flow of the process
1
Registration on Talendy
Talendy issues account credentials for company members and host the internship/hackathon details

2
Applications from students
Companies recieve application from all the partner universities in one place.

3
Selection Process
With the help of Talendy recommendation algorithm, companies go through details to shortlist and interview candidates.

4
Preparation for internship
Talendy customer success team helps the company to prepare for the internship with the insights from the past internship cases.

5
Internship Implementation
Talendy customer success team provides proper feedback to the interns at all stages to ensure a smooth internship experience.

6
Offer and onboarding
In case of a FTE offer, Talendy follows up with university and the candidate to ensure a smooth onboarding to the company

We Always Strive for Excellence
usp
Japan’s Only Such Platform
Japan's only dedicated platform to discover and recruit highly skilled talent from India.

usp
Highly Experienced Staff
Consulting and support from the professionals highly experienced in Indian talents.

usp
Aligned with top 16 universities
We are aligned with the IITs and other top universities from India.

TESTIMONIALS
See what our partners say about us



























GET YOUR ANSWERS
Frequently Asked Questions
faq

down
Will the internship be online?

down
Can we make an offer after the internship is over? And how should we make the offer?

down
Is it possible to collect application from only some of the partner universities instead of all of them?

down
Do I need to install any special system or environment to use the system?

down
Is it possible to recruit for several different positions within the same company?

down
Will you support from the end of my internship till the candidate joins the company in Japan?

Tech Japan Inc.
Privacy Policy and Disclosure Matters Regarding Personal Information
Information Security Policy




Quick Links
Company
Products & Services
News
Contact Us
Address
Head Office:
Spaces, Otemachi Building 1-6-1 Otemachi Chiyodaku Tokyo

India Office :
Regus - The Estate Building, 8th Floor Cabin #817, Dickenson Road, Bengaluru 560042

Singapore Office :
TALENDY HOLDINGS PTE. LTD. 390 HAVELOCK ROAD #07-02 KING'S CENTRE Singapore 169662