Talendy EOR
We offer a comprehensive service for payroll and benefit management for your full-time equivalent employees. Focus on innovation and leave the rest to us!

Contact Us
banner

WE HIRE AND MANAGE FOR YOU
Focus towards Innovation. We take care of the process.
Global relocation a challenge? Not anymore. We offer payroll and benefits management solutions for your full-time equivalent employees. Skip the complexities and expenses of establishing a new legal entity in a different location. Our efficient process ensures a smooth onboarding within just 2-3 weeks, all at a minimal initial cost. Trust us to handle the intricacies while you focus on your business's growth and success. Streamline your global operations with our tailored services, without the need of global relocation!

WHAT CHOOSE TALENDY EOR
Benefits of Talendy EOR
benefit
Skip setting up new legal entity
No need to set up a new legal entity in a new location. Make things hassle-free.

benefit
No need for relocation
Physical relocation is not a problem anymore, Talendy EOR ensures that

benefit
Simple Onboarding Process
We ensure a smooth and simple onboarding process that kickstarts in just 2-3 weeks.

benefit
Take benefit of low initial cost
Establishing a new legal entity is an expensive process. Take benefit of our low cost service.

benefit
Hassle Free Smooth Process
Extensive support at each stage of the process from our exp[ert team.

benefit
Benefits To Global Team
We provide the right benefits to your global employees, that they deserve.


what is in for COMPANIES
Have concerns like these? We are here to support
Benefits For Companies
benefit
Diversity and Globalisation
Easy access to wide range of Indian Talent pool, bringing in diversity and globalisation within your team.

benefit
Low Cost and Less Hassle
kick start in 2-3 weeks. No physical relocation is required. No visa or Initial set up cost including new entity.

benefit
Smooth Inexpensive Process
Low/Reduced Operational costs, smooth onboarding, flexible engagement and smooth off-boarding.

what is in for candidates
Have concerns like these? We are here to support
Benefits For Employees
benefit
Stable Work Environment
Commitment to one’s dreams with a more stable working environment that ensure growth and learning.

benefit
Additional Employee Benefits
Provident Fund, House Rental Allowance, Conveyance Allowance, Medical Allowance (Included in CTC salary)

benefit
Optional Health Insurance
Optional Health insurance that we highly recommend to the companies (Excluded from CTC salary)

WHY TALENDY EOR?
How Talendy EOR Works????
1
Identify the talent through Talendy
We find out the talent we would like to onboard through our talent introduction platform-Talendy.

2
Taking care of the contracts
We finalise the scope of work and prepare two sets of agreements-foe company and for the candidate.

3
Smooth Onboarding process
Signing the contracts and proper explanation to the employees of the benefits to ensure clarity.

4
Payroll and Benefits Management
While you are busy building great things, we take care of the back office processes for you.

5
Employee Leave management
We track the paid and unpaid leaves of your full-time equivalent employees for ease.

6
Smooth Offboarding process
We understand that sometimes we need to part ways. We provide full support during that process.


Tech Japan Inc.
Privacy Policy and Disclosure Matters Regarding Personal Information
Information Security Policy




Quick Links
Company
Products & Services
News
Contact Us
Address
Head Office:
Spaces, Otemachi Building 1-6-1 Otemachi Chiyodaku Tokyo

India Office :
Regus - The Estate Building, 8th Floor Cabin #817, Dickenson Road, Bengaluru 560042

Singapore Office :
TALENDY HOLDINGS PTE. LTD. 390 HAVELOCK ROAD #07-02 KING'S CENTRE Singapore 169662